For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack.
Now, don't be angry after you've been afraid. That's the worst kind of cowardice.
Thou art of the Jungle and not of the Jungle. And I am only a black panther. But I love thee, Little Brother.
And it is I, Raksha [The Demon], who answers. The man's cub is mine, Lungri–mine to me! He shall not be killed. He shall live to run with the Pack and to hunt with the Pack; and in the end, look you, hunter of little naked cubs–frog-eater– fish-killer–he shall hunt thee!
So Mowgli went away and hunted with the four cubs in the jungle from that day on. But he was not always alone, because years afterward he became a man and married. But that is a story for grown-ups.
The reason the beasts give among themselves is that Man is the weakest and most defenseless of all living things,
It is the hardest thing in the world to frighten a mongoose, because he is eaten up from nose to tail with curiosity. The motto of all the mongoose family is "Run and find out," and Rikki-tikki was a true mongoose.
These two things fight together in me as the snakes fight in the spring. The water comes out of my eyes; yet I laugh while it falls. Why?
If a man can hear the truth he's spoken twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools...
The reason the beasts give among themselves is that Man is the weakest and most defenseless of all living things, and it is unsportsmanlike to touch him.
My heart is heavy with the things I do not understand.
To each his own fear
One of the beauties of Jungle Law is that punishment settles all scores. There is no nagging afterward.
NOW this is the Law of the Jungle — as old and as true as the sky;
And the Wolf that shall keep it may prosper, but the Wolf that shall break it must die.
Madness is the most disgraceful thing that can overtake a wild creature.
And he grew and grew strong as a boy must grow who does not know that he is learning any lessons, and who has nothing in the world to think of except things to eat
Better he should be bruised from head to foot by me who love him than that he should come to harm through ignorance
A man-trained boy would have been badly bruised, for the fall was a good fifteen feet, but Mowgli fell as Baloo had taught him to fall, and landed on his feet.
The things I can't change are the reasons you love me
Whenever they say somethin' bout us you listen
Feel like we one and the same, our relationship changed. That or it never existed
She forgave me for everything, this a forever thing
Hate that I treat it like it's a whatever thing
She from the jungle, she from the jungle
I take somebody else's car, drive there undercover
Are we still good? Are we still good?
Are you down? Are you down? Are you down?
Yeah, these days these new girls, they got me nervous
They can't decide, they keep switchin' majors
Being indecisive makes me anxious
Call your number and it's out of service
Who can I call for your information?
What am I supposed to do after we done everything that we've done?
Who is your replacement?
Are we still good? Are we still good?
Welcome to the jungle we've got fun and games
We got everything you want honey, we know the names
We are the people that can find whatever you may need
If you got the money, honey we got your disease
Watch it bring you to your shun n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n knees, knees
Welcome to the jungle we take it day by day
You can taste the bright lights but you won't get there for free
Welcome to the jungle, it gets worse here every day
You learn to live like an animal in the jungle where we play
If you hunger for what you see you'll take it eventually
You can have everything you want but you better not take it from me
I'm gonna be a mighty king So enemies beware
Well, I've never seen a king of beasts With quite so little hair
I'm gonna be the main event Like no king was before
I'm brushing up on looking down I'm working on my roar
No one saying, "do this" No one saying, "be there"
Free to run around all day Free to do it all my way
Kings don't need advice From little horn-bills for a start
If this is where the monarchy is headed Count me out
Out of service, out of Africa I wouldn't hang about
This child is getting wildly out of wing Oh, I just can't wait to be king
Everybody look left Everybody look right
Let every creature go for broke and sing
Let's hear it in the herd and on the wing
It's gonna be King Simba's finest fling
It means no worries For the rest of your days
It's our problem-free philosophy
He found his aroma lacked a certain appeal
He could clear the Savannah after every meal
I'm a sensitive soul, though I seem thick-skinned
And it hurt that my friends never stood downwind
Some say eat or be eaten
Some say live and let live
But all are agreed as they join the stampede
You should never take more than you give
In the circle of life, it's the wheel of fortune
It's the leap of faith, it's the band of hope
Till we find our place on the path unwinding
In the circle, the circle of life
Some of us fall by the wayside
And some of us soar to the stars
And some of us sail through our troubles
And some have to live with the scars
There's far too much to take in here
More to find than can ever be found
But the sun rolling high through the sapphire sky
Keeps great and small on the endless round
He who plants a tree loves others beside himself
Do not call the forest that shelters you a jungle
A brave heart and a courteous tongue. They shall carry thee far through the jungle, manling
The city is not a concrete jungle, it is a human zoo.
If man doesn't learn to treat the oceans and the rainforest with respect, man will become extinct.
None of the Jungle People like being disturbed.
Life in the jungle is a constant struggle for the survival of the fittest
The biggest jungle in this world is nothing but the human mind.
In the social jungle of human existence, there is no feeling of being alive without a sense of identity.
Competition is the law of the jungle, but cooperation is the law of civilization
Using language like jungle growth isn't the solution to telling a story.
If you want to keep alive in the jungle, you must live as the jungle does.
The jungle is alive. It's dangerous as a living nightmare and brimful of hostility.
Man is lost and is wandering in a jungle where real values have no meaning.
The only way to convert the heathen is to travel into the jungle.
In the jungle, life and food depend on keeping your temper.
The heart jungle drum beat finds its voice in love and matchsticks.
The jungle is dark but full of diamonds.
The great thing about this jungle of ours is that anyone of you could grow up to be Lord of the apes.
The forest did not tolerate frailty of body or mind. Show your weakness, and it would consume you without hesitation.
The ability to manage well doesn't make much difference if you're not even in the right jungle.
Wild rejoice in jungles not in cages.
Travel brings power and love back into your life.
Only one who wanders finds new paths.
It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end.
We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us, or we find it not.
One's destination is never a place, but a new way of seeing things.
I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. 
The further I go, the closer to me I get.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.
Tourists don't know where they've been, travelers don't know where they're going.
I am not the same having seen the moon shine on the other side of the world.
We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure.
There is no end to the adventures we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
Travel makes one modest. You see what a tiny place you occupy in the world.
Every dreamer knows that it is entirely possible to be homesick for a place you've never been to, perhaps more homesick than for familiar ground.
Travel is more than the seeing of sights; it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.
Once you have traveled, the voyage never ends, but is played out over and over again in the quietest chambers.
The mind can never break off from the journey.
I got a backpack on! You don't get in water with a backpack, everybody knows that.
NOO! I'm an over-weight middle-aged man!
Why am I wearing half a shirt and short shorts in the JUNGLE?
This is a video game, which means we have special skills.
We always only have one life, man. That's how it is.
Oh my God! These things are crazy!
Are you gonna help, or are you too pretty?
Then let's be like this, every day... in the real world.
You do NOT want to know what's under those rhinos! I saw things I can never unsee, things that touched me!
Does "phone" mean something different in the future?
Could I borrow your jacket? I feel like I'm wearing a bikini.
Cake - Isn't that your weakness?
I have to warn you: I think I'm a very strong puncher.
How is strength my weakness?!?
